Waga, a big player in the hospitality industry, operates a chain of restaurants and hotels. Waga executives decided to launch a product called VacAI.
VacAI uses AI technology to plan adventure vacations for its users.

Waga created a new department to handle the development and launch of VacAI. This department worked very hard to develop and launch a functional app in 4 months. The launch had a great first week with lots of excitement, app downloads, and vacation sales. But in the second week, vacation sales sharply declined, and many customers complained and asked for refunds. Waga decided to temporarily pull the app from the app stores so that it could investigate the issues. The usage metrics in the first week clearly show that VacAI meets a real need in the market, but the second-week metrics show that the app is not delivering a high level of satisfaction to customers.

In response to this situation, the CTO of Waga has requested that a young, talented professional who has completed the AICE program join the development team. After a round of competitive interviews, I were the top fit and selected for the role! My job is to identify the main problem that users are facing and propose a solution. Over the next 6 weeks, I will be working with Waga to develop a solution and then relaunch VacAI.

The first thing I hear after joining Waga in my first week is a rumour of a potential merger or sale of the company. This is just a rumour, but to be prepared for any kind of uncertainty, I have to plan ahead and think of a way to secure my employment if this actually happens.  A good place to start is to reflect on what kind of role I would like and what industries you prefer working in.

To set myself up for success, I need to start strengthening the skills and tools that aid my work now while I also think and plan ahead. Waga is a leading innovative employer, and I’d like to work there for a long time. To hit the ground running and get comfortable in my current position, I need to focus on four key areas. These areas will be my challenge for this week.
Compose an Email: Write an email to my colleagues at waga. The email should include:
A brief introduction about myself.
Three areas where I can lead or take ownership in the team.
My proposed work rhythm or how you plan to work with the team.
A problem statement related to my work or project.
Proposed meeting schedules.
Help me in composing this Email
